29/10
Task: Mobile sidebar bug (2/1):
Problem:
Earlier we was using localStorage to save state of sidebar
In desktop : works fine
In Mobile : works fine, No one sees opened sidebar for mobile because in mobile noone left the page with sidebar opened, everyone left with sidebar closed so nothing caused that instant toggle of sidebar state when load because isSidebar open remain always false with page load
But then We want different default states for web(open by dafault) and mobile(close by default) for the sidebar.
1st Solution (with another problem):
We set the default state in JS by using "useMediaQuery" hook that MUI provides, but it has a bug that in first render (SSR only) this hook always returns false irrespective of the correct media query value.
We thought that we will use plain window object for detecting the width, but in nextjs window is only awaylable after component mounting in CDM.
So we set a placeholder default state initially and than update the state once CDM is called. But this process is not in-sync. There was a delay between "initial default state" and CDM's updated state. This produce a glitch in Mobiles when page initially loads for about 500-600ms
2nd Solution (css way):
In this case CSS has a edge over JS because its media queries are available before the Page/Component mounts, unlike JS way where we have to wait for CDM to update the state,
So now there is only one default state(true) but that state's meaning is different for desktop and mobile, mobile take true as closed sidebar and desktop take it as opened sidebar.
For this we have to do following css change:
Sidebar toggle Icon
Container
Icons
Names
Sidebar Footer
Also added some transitions on mobile.

1/11
Task:Twitter Redirection(0.5)
Problem: Figure out how to redirect user to "create feed" with prefilled url and text
Solution: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/6208363/sharing-a-url-with-a-query-string-on-twitter

Task: Product Study(3)
Notes are  in "ProductStudy" doc

Task: Dynamic referral routes for PredictionGame and options(0.5/2.5)
Problem: Learn dynamic routes on nextjs
Solution: In nextjs doc, Next/router chapter.

2/11

Task: Data alignment around " : " and monospace font(3) 
Wrap all keys and all values in separate div. Make a separate reusable component for that


Task: mono font
4:49 - 7:30


8/11
10:30
Task: Mobile sidebar issue(0.5hr) 
Problem : Yash says that sidebar toggle button isn't working after some redirections.
I doesn't encounter this problem. But i think there is a 300ms slidein animation. If someone is in hurry and click toggle button in between the interval of 300ms than
it seems to the user that sidebar isn't working.
Fix: I reduce the delay to 70ms ease animation.

